do you want perfectly chopped onions but
hate the mess smell and teary eyes left
from chopping with kitchen knives would
you like to impress friends with
stunning food presentation are you not
able to chop as quickly and precisely as
a professional chef
then the alligator is the perfect gadget
for you the alligator is a Swedish
creation that makes the job of chopping
fast and Buzz free there'll be no more
tears or cut fingers with the alligator
and you'll achieve perfect results
faster than a professional just
place the onion over the chopping grid
push down firmly and with one easy
stroke you have perfectly chopped onion
it couldn't be any easier but the
alligator is not only for onions it is
also perfect for use with any other
fruit or vegetable now it is easy to
create potato gratin vegetable crudités
or impress friends with a fabulous fruit
salad and cleaning the alligator
couldn't be easier either just drop the
two hearts into your dishwasher it even
comes with a handy cleaning grid simple
the alligator is the perfect alternative
for those who have difficulty in using
conventional knives it will also allow
you to spend more time with friends and
family rather than in the kitchen
now the alligator comes with a
collecting box this handy attachment
makes transferring food to your cookware
so much easier and now there is even
less mess when chopping with the
alligator
introducing the new alligator chipper
attachment for chunky chopping simply
attach the alligator chipper to your
existing alligator base to enjoy faster
chipping the collector camp from your
alligator can also be fixed to the
alligator chipper place half a tomato
face up and press with the clear
collector you can continue adding
vegetables until it's full preparing
salad has never been so easy the
alligator chipper attachment is also
great for making french fries or
chomping chunky vegetable pieces for
ratatouille and stew recipes the
alligator makes preparing your entire
meal quick simple and safe create
delicious soups stews or a grater and
fruit salad is oh so easy
alligator your best friend in the
kitchen